Running out of drinking water is quite disturbing for them.
The lake is the source of the river.
The shop assistant always had a smile on her face.
I usually exercise for a period of time in the afternoon.
I learn more from the books in the library than I do in school.
The naked wires could be a potential problem.
The brave puppy successfully rescued the kitten trapped in the gap.
The residents here like to interact with each other.
The most obvious trait of its appearance is its big nose.
The couple have agreed to get a divorce.
She received an honor for her excellent academic performance.
There are 8 major planets in our solar system.
He is playing chess with his friend.
Reusable shopping bags are environmentally-friendly.
The percentage of the green part is 60%.
He is thinking about whether a bicycle is affordable for him.
Different color dustbins have different functions.
Many red lanterns glowed softly in the darkness.
Noise pollution may impair hearing health.
The goods on this ship were imported from overseas.
His mother urged him to do his homework.
To save money, he always makes the most economical decisions.
economical operation
economical and practical
carrying out
They are carrying out a medical study in the lab.
A luxurious drop lamp is hanging on the ceiling.
It's unknown where the flying object came from.
He had to abandon his car in the desert.
The dictionary is now in its third edition, which was published in 2017.
He has too much work to do.
Driving down the dirt road so fast raised a lot of dust.
His short arms are his biggest drawback; he's struggling to reach the toilet paper.
She found a way to get the apple in the fridge.
She found Lily's telephone number from the directory.
You always know the answer-give someone else a chance.
as we know
know nothing about
The kitchen is clean and modern.
Watching movies on the tablet is my favourite activity.
He has been sticking to running for a year.
The child dreads the ghost so much that he couldn't fall asleep.
He can see very far.
The dentist could see that her mouth was full of perfect white teeth.
They have good taste in dressing.
The odor of the socks made the girl feel dizzy.
Although I'm a little boy, I'm very talented in math.
She's a talented speaker and enjoys talking to a large audience.
The cat in the box may or may not be alive.
The girl prefers vegetables to cake.
Ladybugs have several black dots on their backs.
His departure from home made his family sad.
Water is vital to living beings.
He downloaded files from the Internet.
Many people come to this gallery to see the famous pieces of art.
We should recycle trash by putting it into different bins.
Penguins live in the far south.
She has figured out a good idea.
Her success invited cheers and claps.
These two men are leaning forward.
The bottle is bobbing up and down in the waves.
This tool can grind the beans into powder.
The boy is measuring the size of the turtle.
The referee blew the whistle to stop the game.
Look out! You are going to fall into a hole.
urge to
strong urge
The sea is fluid.
This tablet dissolves in water.
The theory of evolution is a wonderful explanation of how life arose.
We like to go to our small log cabin in the woods.
Penguins live in the polar regions.
He has a hunch that his mother is at the door.
Bacon with eggs is a popular breakfast in the US.
On average, I eat three buns for breakfast every week.
biological evolution
One of her strengths is that she is a really good singer.
The flowers drooped in the sun.
He felt tired after working for such a long time.
These runners are running on the road.
An eight-hour sleep can make you feel adequately rested.
Communication is much easier nowadays thanks to technological advancements.
There are four little puppies.
The cat is about to attack the big dog.
There are colorful flowers in that place.
The town was drowned because of the heavy storm.
drown out
This is a small model of my real house.
His friend offered him a tip on dealing with hair loss.
Your thumbprint will give you access to that room.
The swans are floating in the water.
His change in grade is really significant!
We depend on the Earth's resources to survive.
He believes writing with three pens together can improve efficiency.
Trucks are usually large and can carry a great amount of goods.
There was a rainbow in the sky after the rain.
